README.md, before:

#### Analytics

From V1.5, we support Google Analytics and Baidu Tongji officially with a deathly simple config:

```

# Google Analytics
ga_track_id: 'UA-49627206-1'            # Format: UA-xxxxxx-xx
ga_domain: huangxuan.me
```

Just checkout the code offered by Google/Baidu, and copy paste here, all the rest is already done for you.

(Google might ask for meta tag "google-site-verification")
#### Customization

If you wanna do more customization and change code yourself, a [Grunt](gruntjs.com) environment is also included. (Thanks to Clean Blog.)

There are a number of tasks it performs like minification of the JavaScript, compiling of the LESS files, adding banners to keep the Apache 2.0 license intact, and watching for changes. Run the grunt default task by entering `grunt ` into your command line which will build the files. You can use `grunt watch` if you are working on the JavaScript or the LESS.

**Try to understand code in `_include/` and `_layouts/`, then you can modify Jekyll [Liquid](https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki) template directly to do more creative customization.**

#### Page Build Warning

There are many possible reasons to cause a "Page Build Warning" email or similar error.

One of these is that github changes its build environment.

> You are attempting to use the 'pygments' highlighter, which is currently unsupported on GitHub Pages. Your site will use 'rouge' for highlighting instead. To suppress this warning, change the 'highlighter' value to 'rouge' in your '_config.yml'.

So, just edit `_config.yml`, find `highlighter: pygments`, change it to `highlighter: rouge` and the warning will be gone.

For other circumstances, check out existing issues or create a new one!

## License

Apache License 2.0.
Copyright (c) 2017-2018 LorryJiang

Lorry Blog is derived from [Clean Blog Jekyll Theme (MIT License)](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-clean-blog-jekyll/)
Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Blackrock Digital LLC.

Commit message:

update version 1.0.1 for words analysis

README.md, after:

### add words analysis

from v1.0.1, we support the words analysis and time to read

#### Analytics

From V1.0, we support Google Analytics and Baidu Tongji officially with a deathly simple config:

```

# Google Analytics
ga_track_id: 'UA-49627206-1'            # Format: UA-xxxxxx-xx
ga_domain: huangxuan.me
```

Just checkout the code offered by Google/Baidu, and copy paste here, all the rest is already done for you.

(Google might ask for meta tag "google-site-verification")
#### Customization

If you wanna do more customization and change code yourself, a [Grunt](gruntjs.com) environment is also included. (Thanks to Clean Blog.)

There are a number of tasks it performs like minification of the JavaScript, compiling of the LESS files, adding banners to keep the Apache 2.0 license intact, and watching for changes. Run the grunt default task by entering `grunt ` into your command line which will build the files. You can use `grunt watch` if you are working on the JavaScript or the LESS.

**Try to understand code in `_include/` and `_layouts/`, then you can modify Jekyll [Liquid](https://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki) template directly to do more creative customization.**

#### Page Build Warning

There are many possible reasons to cause a "Page Build Warning" email or similar error.

One of these is that github changes its build environment.

> You are attempting to use the 'pygments' highlighter, which is currently unsupported on GitHub Pages. Your site will use 'rouge' for highlighting instead. To suppress this warning, change the 'highlighter' value to 'rouge' in your '_config.yml'.

So, just edit `_config.yml`, find `highlighter: pygments`, change it to `highlighter: rouge` and the warning will be gone.

For other circumstances, check out existing issues or create a new one!

## License

Apache License 2.0.
Copyright (c) 2017-2018 LorryJiang

Lorry Blog is derived from [Clean Blog Jekyll Theme (MIT License)](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-clean-blog-jekyll/)
Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Blackrock Digital LLC.
